---
title: Unlock Everyday Savings with the Upside App: Essential for Every Driver!
date: 2024-02-25 20:06:10 +0800
categories: [Money]
tags: [travel, everyday-saving, cashback]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

Are you ready to supercharge your savings on everyday expenses? Look no further than the Upside app – your ultimate cashback companion for gas, groceries, dining, and more across the United States!

Whether you're lounging at home or hitting the road, Upside is your ticket to earning cashback on essential purchases.

I know firsthand the pain of soaring gas prices, especially here in California's Bay Area, where gas prices have rocketed to over $6 in 2022. That's why Upside has become my go-to solution for slashing my fuel costs in half. No Costco card? No problem! Say goodbye to those dreaded queues at the pump and hello to substantial savings. In just the past year alone, I've pocketed over a thousand dollars in cashback – and you can too!

Using Upside is as easy as 1-2-3:

1. **Download the Upside app.**
2. **Link your card used at gas stations (only the first 6 and last 4 digits needed).**
3. **Select your gas station in the app and click "claim offer" when you fuel up.**

But wait, there's more! To turbocharge your savings, customize your profile by clicking on your avatar (top right corner) and entering all available discounts. And to make it even simpler, here's a handy table of promo codes you can use:

| Promo Code     | Bonus                   |
| -------------- | ----------------------- |
| J8XUH          | 15 cents/gallon         |
| PERKSATWORK230 | Save 30 cents/gallon (Use twice) |
| SHOPPERS35     | Save 35 cents/gallon (Use twice) |
| GOPUFF35       | Save 35 cents/gallon (Use twice) |
| GOPUFF15       | Save 15 cents/gallon (Use twice) |
| AMEX35         | Save 35 cents/gallon (Use twice) |

With or without these discounts, Upside typically offers cashback ranging from 10 to 30 cents per gallon, depending on the gas station. That's potential savings of over $1.65 per gallon on each fill-up, meaning you could pocket around $100 after just two refills. And the cherry on top? You can cash out anytime hassle-free.

Keep in mind that while some discount codes may have uncertain expiration dates, most are usually valid indefinitely. Simply add them immediately to ensure you don't miss out on savings. If you've successfully applied a code, it will reflect in your profile; otherwise, you'll receive an error message. Once all codes are added, just refresh the homepage to view your discounts!

And here's **a bonus tip**: Upside isn't just about gas savings! You can also earn cashback on dining, from your favorite chain restaurants to fine dining experiences, as well as groceries from stores like Safeway and Starbucks. It's savings galore!

Don't let these incredible opportunities slip through your fingers. Download the Upside app today and watch your savings soar while you fill up your tank and your wallet!

Boost your savings, one fill-up at a time, with Upside. Happy driving and happy saving! 🚗💰