---
title: Unlocking the Magic of Bilt Mastercard
date: 2024-02-17 20:06:10 +0800
categories: [money]
tags: [travel, credit cards, cashback, rent]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

*In a Nutshell:* Everyone, regardless of whether they pay rent or not, should consider Bilt as a must-have card in their wallet. Rated as the best no-annual-fee card by The Points Guy, it's a game-changer. I regretted every penny spent on annual fees and rent before getting this card. From earning points on travel, dining, and rideshare to enjoying a plethora of benefits, Bilt stands out as the ultimate card, especially with its generous rent day activities.

Using the points accumulated with BILT over the course of a year, I was able to exchange them for a two-week hotel stay in Hawaii along with round-trip tickets from SFO to Japan.

Now, let's dive into the details:

## Highlights

- The only credit card that allows fee-free rent payments and earns points.
- Utility bills, HOA fees count towards rent and earn you points, too!
- Earn 2x points on travel and 3x points on dining.
- Every 1st of the month (Rent Day), enjoy double points: 4x on travel, 6x on dining, and 2x on everything else except rent.
- No annual fee and zero-risk rewards. Despite no annual fee, enjoy premium card benefits like travel insurance, primary rental car insurance, cellphone protection, and purchase protection.
- High-value points: Bilt is the only card that allows 1:1 transfers to top-tier travel partners like Hyatt, United Airlines, American Airlines, Air Canada, etc.

## Rent Day Surprises

Each month, rent day brings delightful surprises, including:

- Rent day quests offering thousands of bonus points annually.
- Special bonus point multipliers on select purchases (this is crazy!! While point transfer promotion for Chase or Amex is 30% more at most, BILT can do 100%+ more).
- Additional point boosts and perks like airline elite status, extra points on transfers, and hotel upgrades (this is insane!!).

Some examples of previous Rent Day surprises have included:

- February ‘23: Hawaiian Airlines 100% Transfer Bonus
- March ‘23: 50% Bilt Point Redemption Bonus for Amazon & The Bilt Collection
- April ‘23: World of Hyatt Explorist Status Challenge
- May ‘23: Flying Blue (KLM/AirFrance) 100% Transfer Bonus
- June ‘23: Bilt’s Birthday Game
- July ‘23: Lyft Ride Credits Up to $25
- August ‘23: Virgin Red Transfer Bonus (up to 150%)
- September ‘23: Revamped SoulCycle Rent Day Rides & Giveaway
- October ‘23: 5X Multiplier on Sports Tickets & Game Day Experiences
- November ‘23: Emirates Skywards transfer bonus (up to 150%)
- December ‘23: 2X on shopping & 10X at Bilt Dining restaurants
- January ‘24: Best of 2023: Flying Blue transfer bonus, IHG One Rewards transfer bonus, Virgin Points transfer bonus, Amazon 50% redemption bonus, Lyft ride credit.

### To apply for the Bilt Mastercard, [click here](https://bilt.page/r/KF2C-4C6C)

## Application Experience

- Instant approval for many applicants.
- Upon approval, access your rent payment account instantly through the app.
- Physical card delivery within 2 days, presenting as a sleek metal card.
- While some applicants may undergo review, approval usually occurs within a week.

## FAQs

*Q: What makes this card special when some other cards also allow rent payments?*
A: Unlike other cards, Bilt allows fee-free rent payments, saving you from additional service fee charges. Moreover, many rental systems do not accept credit card payments.

*Q: How does Bilt enable fee-free rent payments?*
A: Bilt generates a checking account for rent payments, allowing you to earn points while paying rent. Note that this checking account is solely for rent-related expenses.

*Q: Can I pay rent to private landlords?*
A: Yes, Bilt provides a comprehensive rent payment system, allowing payments via check, PayPal, Venmo, or ACH. Currently, Zelle transfers are not supported.

*Q: Why should I apply for this card if I don't rent?*
A: Even if you're not a renter, you likely have dining and travel expenses. Bilt offers high cashback rates in these categories, with monthly bonus days maximizing rewards potential, and without annual fee - so all gains no costs.

*Q: I'm having trouble verifying my identity during the application. Any tips?*
A: Driver's licenses may occasionally fail verification. Try using a passport or alternative identification.

In conclusion, Bilt emerges as a revolutionary card, offering unparalleled benefits and rewards, particularly in rent payments, dining, and travel. Don't miss out on this opportunity to optimize your spending and maximize your rewards!
